# Introduciton
My Project based on Sleep Cycle dataset.
Sleep Cycle (SC; NorthCube,Gothenburg,Sweden) is a mobile-phone application that is avaiable on android-based as well as iOS-based devices. SC is a smart alarm-clock that tracks your sleep patterns and wakes you up dring light sleep. SC tracks sleep throughout the night and use a 30-minute window that ends up with the desired alarm time during which the alarm goes off at the lightest possible stage (i.e., light sleep). SC scores sleep through motion detection via one of two motion-detection modes: (i) microphone, which used the built-in microphone to analyze movements, or (ii) accelerometer, which uses the phone's built-in accelerometer. SC tracks movements through the night and uses them to detect and score sleep as well as to plot a graph (hypnogram). By selecting the microphone option to monitor sleep, the SC application uses sound analysis to identify sleep phrases by tracking movements in bed. The SC application uses the smartphone's built-in microphone to pick up sounds from the sleeper. After receiving the sound input, the application then filters the sound using a series of high and low cut-off filters to identify specific noises that correlate with movement. When there is no motion, the application registers deep sleep; when there is little motion, it registers light sleep; when there is a lot of motion, it registers wakefulness. The algorithm SC uses for sleep scoring is not available to the public. Through this method, it is possible to extract 30-s-epoch information about sleep scoring (wake/light sleep/deep sleep) which was also used for measuring sleep parameters. Time in bed (TiB) was calculated based on the "went to sleep" and waking times reported by the application. Total sleep time (TST) was calculated by subtracting all the "awake" epochs from the TiB. Sleep onset latency (SOL) was calculated by summing up all the awake 30-s-epochs before the first light-sleep epoch. Wake after sleep onset (WASO) was calculated by summing up all the awake epochs that lie between the first light-sleep epoch and the "woke up" time. Sleep efficiency SE = (TST/TiB) x 100.
# Task
### 1. Data pre-processing
### 2. Exploratory Data Analysis
### 3. Build and train model
